Achievement Achievement
The bargain you Koehler wants
Shitty grades
Then some people lie a lot.
I think it's true
Zhao Ruolan was packaged by Ma Shoufu and the others
I feel like a champion
But a pheasant is a pheasant
Never become a phoenix
Let's see who the pheasant is
Do you see it?
The IOC office called me
This is what Olympic champions deserve
I will complain to you on the phone later.
Not only will Zhao Ruolan and you be unable to participate
I and the Olympic Committee have banned your entire summer
Could it be that you insulted Zhao Ruolan?
It aroused the wrath of the Olympic Committee
I'm calling to scold you now.
Then prick up your ears and listen
Humph
Hello
This is the office of the President of the International Olympic Committee
Is this Takahashi liquor?
Hey yes yes yes
I'm Takahashi Sake
I inform you on behalf of the Olympic Committee
From now on, your weightlifting grades are void
And they compete for life.
Why? Why?
The reasons for the decision will be sent to you in writing
Do it yourself
Hahahahaha
Was it really said by Ma Shoufu?
Takahashi has offended Zhao Ruolan for a long time
Dear, I am angry with the Olympic Committee.